1) Explain SDLC at a high level?
SDLC is Software Development Life Cycle which have 7 stages
planning, Analysis and requirements gathering, design, development/coding, testing, deployment and maintenance.
2) What is waterfall and why it is still relevant?
Waterfall is the one of the best methodologies in SDLC to develop a software.preferablly used for infrastructure project.
3) Explain Agile Model with a use case and the role of SCRUM in that?
Agile model is the booming and proved methodology for developing a software.It is adaptavie and have transperancy between the clients regardin requirements. 
4) Who is Scrum Master?
Scrum Master is need not to be a technical person but he manages the development team by assigning the tasks and filling the gaps and hurdles facing by the team.
5) Differentiate between Product/Sprint Backlog?
Backlog is nothing but the tasks or updated requirement from the client which is pending even the sprint is completed.
6) What is Epic & Story?
Epic is feature which we need to develop and the stroies are the tasks for achive the feature.
7) What is called Velocity in SCRUM?
speed of completing the user stories by the sprint
8) Explain the SCRUM ceremonies?
Sprint planning which is last atleast two weeks
Daily standup/Scrum 
Sprint Reivew
Sprint Retrospection
9) What is grooming?
grooming is engaging the team with new technologies and problem solving skills to accomplish a task or overcome a problem.
10) How Jira board is effective in SCRUM?
It shows the assigned tasks/stories and the hours you take for the task,shows status,comments of the task.
11) Differentiate between SCRUM & Waterfall?
scrum is iterative of waterfall model.
complex project can be handled by scrum and smaller project is handled by waterfall model.
waterfall works in a linear fashion and cannot go back to previous stages whereas scrum model can.
12) Explain the responsibilities of Product Owner?
product owner is middle man between the client and the team who collects requirements from the client and engages with the team.
