Unit Testing & JUnit
-----------------------

What is unit testing?
unit test is the smallest testable part of a software it mat be method or class etc.
What is the difference between manual testing and automated testing?
manual testing is a person has to check/test the working functionality where automation testing is write once test many times without person and done by using selinium
Is it necessary to write the test case for every logic? If yes, why
yes, it can use for the working of positive and negative flows of that logic.
What are the features of JUnit?
It increases quality
Fast
Annotation and many supported libraries
What are the important JUnit annotations? And its usage in coding
@test is an annotation used for method tells the framework that the method is used to test a functionality.
@before runs before @test
@after runs after @test 
What does Assert class?
presents assertion methods which extends Object class.
What is Code Coverage?
The amount of code that has be excuted when run the project with the given input.
What are the best practices to perform Unit Testing?
Maintain excel sheet with positive flows and negatives with expected ooutput values.
What is Mocking?
simulating the functionality using a tool.

GIT
----

What is GIT and its significance in SDLC?
Git is tool which maintains distributed versioning control, integrity,repositories etc which have a major significance from development step.
What is the difference between GIT and SVN?
GIT is distributed version controlled system whereas SVN is centralized version control system.
What are the advantages of using GIT?
It has multiple repos,branches,distributed,simple and fast
What is “Staging Area” or “Index” in GIT?
staging is modified file from the git file.
What is GIT stash?
is the command used to stash the files i.e., change made files will be a kept a side temporarily
What is the function of git clone?
used to clone/duplicate the the repo to the location/floder
How can you create a repository in Git?
git init
git add .
git commit -m "comments"
git remote add origin remote repository URL
git push origin master
What is the purpose of branching in GIT?
we can seprate copy of files and floder in the same repo with a env of commit,push etc 
What is the difference between ‘git remote’ and ‘git clone’?
git remote just creates an entry in your git config that specifies a name for a particular URL. You must have an existing git repo to use this
git clone creates a new git repository by copying an existing one located at the URI you specify.
What is the function of ‘git diff ’ in git?
get the differece of file changes from current file to previous version of file.
Explain what the commit message is?
commit msg is the breifing what is the change is made with a line of comment
Why is it advisable to create an additional commit rather than amending an existing commit?
Git amend internally creates a new commit and replaces the old commit. If commits have already been pushed to central repository, it should not be used to modify the previous commits.
What is Rebasing
rebasing is the getting the latest code from the git repo or again a copy of repo which is sitting in the git. 

